README.md, before:

Welcome to the,

# <img width='25' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101659/189380497-50692d2e-49bb-4fb6-91b5-ae8daf6e1988.png' />🤖 Grafana Incident API

**Client libraries, scripts and examples for using the Grafana Incident API.**

<img width='256' src='https://grafana.com/static/assets/img/blog/grafana-incident-vertical-navigation.png' />

## Get started

Pick a langauge to get started:

- [Go (golang) client library](./go/incident)
- More langauges coming soon - let us know what's missing in the [grafana/incident-community](https://github.com/grafana/incident-community) GitHub repo

### Learn more

To learn about the various ways to progammatically interact with Grafana Incident, be sure to get started with the [Grafana Incident API Documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/incident/api/).

### What can we do better?

The Grafana Incident team aim to deliver a high quality developer experience, so if you think of anything we can do better, please let us know by opening an issue in the [grafana/incident-community](https://github.com/grafana/incident-community) GitHub repo, and starting a conversation. We look forward to hearing from you.

Commit message:

added a note about reporting issues

README.md, after:

Welcome to the,

# <img width='25' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101659/189380497-50692d2e-49bb-4fb6-91b5-ae8daf6e1988.png' />🤖 Grafana Incident API

**Client libraries, scripts and examples for using the Grafana Incident API.**

<img width='256' src='https://grafana.com/static/assets/img/blog/grafana-incident-vertical-navigation.png' />

## Get started

Pick a langauge to get started:

- [Go (golang) client library](./go/incident)
- More langauges coming soon - let us know what's missing in the [grafana/incident-community](https://github.com/grafana/incident-community) GitHub repo

### Learn more

To learn about the various ways to progammatically interact with Grafana Incident, be sure to get started with the [Grafana Incident API Documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/incident/api/).

## Reporting issues

Please report issues to the [grafana/incident-community](https://github.com/grafana/incident-community) GitHub repo.

## What can we do better?

The Grafana Incident team aim to deliver a high quality developer experience, so if you think of anything we can do better, please let us know by opening an issue in the [grafana/incident-community](https://github.com/grafana/incident-community) GitHub repo, and starting a conversation. We look forward to hearing from you.
